1. What is biggest Strength and weakness
A. Strength
    - creativity thinking and deliviring a quality product
    - In first year at factset, i got a chance to work on a rewrite project, the existing project was fragmented in 6 different website, doing similar task of tracking the performance of templates
    - these website, had a minimalistic UI workflow, which consisted of a grid that had bunch of metrics about template runs, which are essentially used to study the templates and for debugging purpose.
    - The expectation was to replicate the funcationality in latest technology of angular js and ui-grid, upon looking at the problem, I was able to find the co-releation between these 6 apps and merge
        them into 1 single cohesive app
    - Instead of presenting the data in grid format, I decieded to improvise and implement data visualization techniques to create a dashboard app.
    - This creative approach improved the overall design and workflow of the application, upon the release, I started to see the very positive results. There was high traction of user using this
        revamped application. The users productivity was improved as they were able to study and debug the problems efficiently
    - The motivation behind this creative approach was deliviring a quality product. soon this approach became as standard for future developents within my team

    weakness:
     - I believe my weakness is giving too much focus on doing things the right way, which sometimes has lead me into going down a rabbit hole, chasing the right approach.
     - This has affected my productivity and timelines of projects, there has been times where I tried to solve the problem in right way, but only to realize that I have spent too much time
        on this feature, and there are other components to be worked upon. 
     - For example: recently i was figuring out an authentication problem for one of my projects using microsoft graph api and the task was to check the validation of bearer token
        so to do this, i was using aps.net core c# and i was following the right way to do is to leverage the inbuilt authentication flow of asp.net core, Instead of writing a custom validation funcation
        essentially doing the same thing at faster development rate.
     - over the time, i have learnt how to tackle such situations, I keep track of the progress and estimate the benefit of that approach. I have been practicing that for a while now,
        and i am now able to identify when i am stressting too much on doing things right way and i take appropriate actions accordingly


2. When I call your coworkers for reference checking, what will they say about you?
A. 

3. What will your team miss if you leave tomorrow?
A. 

4. Why do you want to work here?
A. Sure, I would like to say, yelp has very high reputation in tech industry, as per my research, it has constantly mainted high engineering and innovations standards
and that clearly reflects in the quality of the product. I have been a yelp user for a while now, and i have been fascianated by the
engineering challenges that yelp has worked on over the years.
The job description of this position closely aligns with my skills and experience. I currently work on similar paradigm at factset
where my team owns logging infrastracutre, that tracks the usage of factsets products. and based on this we provide analytical insights.
with this valuable experience i gained, i belive i am ready for new challenges, and i would like to work on large scale system such as yelp.
I am intersted in learning and building scalable systems that drives the ad recommendation systems, i am excited to learn about the 
technologies such as map-reduce and streaming solutions that drives this system.
I also came across the engineering and cultural values of yelp, and those closely aligns with what i am looking for in my
new opportunity. I like to be creative while solving problems and coming with newer ideas, working cohesively with the
team, I find that as a good approach to learn and grow. being tenacious.

5. Conflict resolution?
    How did you resolve conflicts in your team?
    Tell me about a time when you had an issue with a coworker
    How do you handle disagreement with your teammates?
    Tell me about a situation when you had to work in a group that wasn’t functioning well. What happened?

A1. sure, there was an incident in the past, in one of my projects there was conflict between me and a product developer over a approach
that i had proposed
- I was working a solving visual scalability problem, over a dataset that shows the performance of the template. This information is
very crucial when it comes to debugging and to track the cascading effects on the templates
- The idea i came up with is to present the volatility in the data as per datetime, and to implement volatility, I decieded to use
box plot graph
- everybody agreed on this idea, including the PD. He liked this idea, however, he wanted to make slight change to the box plot, Instead
of using median, he wanted to use average of the data points
- The task was to convince him the benifit to using the median instead of mean and average and show him the edge cases when the average
will fail to convey the volatility in data
- So to solve this, i tried to understand his point of view, asked the right questions on why he wanted to use average. He was intersted in 
looking at the trend of the data as well as the volatility, and so he wanted the box plot to constructed out of means as well.
- after understanding his point of view, i presented a solution that would work for both groups of clients, which are engineering and PDs

A2. sure, there was an incident in the past, in one of my projects there was conflict between me and my manager over a postmortem action items
- I was a curator for one of the qa cycles, and something went wrong during a release, at the time, me and my manager were
mitigating the situation, figuring out solution to fix the issue. however, the fixing the issue was taking a while and so we made
a decision to backout the changes
- while we were mitigating the situation, our system started to see failures and we had to stop the queues from submitting the jobs
to our infrastracutre. This caused a downtime of 1:30 mins
- after the changes were backed out, everything wennt back to normal. following day we had a postmortem on this issue,
and the new action item were made
- did not agree to one of the action item

6. Disagree with leadership?
    or 
    Give me a specific example of a time when you had to conform to a policy with which you did not agree?
A1. Sure, i can talk to you about such decision.
    starting of with details, our web app is a very powerfull tool, it does a lot of complex operations. however, over the period the performance has dropped of our website.
    I am suspect it will be dropping even further, when newer enhancement will be released.
    so I foresee this problem, i believe this issue should be worked upon before it becomes necessary.
    so i had proposed, this as major project in FY-20, so sepearting our website, being serverd from ASP.net world, and use webpack instead to decouple it from our server side.
    This will definitly speed up the performance of our website, since the files would be loaded upon request.
    This is first step in redesign our front-end
    However, this idea was pushed back, and got a less priorities as compared to other high visible project.
    having said that, I made efforts to include this idea in list of probable projects by showcasing the benifits. and also proposed the to make collective efforts whenever
    we get time, specially in speed sprint and fixatholons

A2. sure, database isolation problem, test manager submits test on prod db, but newer policy wont allow engineer to do that
    which is true, but test manager is a special case

7. experience a compromise?
A1. In one of the projects I encounterd a deployment problem, I had finished my project and it was time to release, i had setup a release date
    and had prepared, all the training material for the PD's and internal clients. However, a week before release, I got an update from
    the windows team, that they are migrating there boxes and they want to port all apps to newer box, and that entails changing the
    configuration in VIPS. However they couldnt proceed with migration until all the apps are migrated, as they had to retire the older
    boxes. and so i agreed, but it took them too long to indentify the team

A2. so i was working on backend for 
A2. Sure, I can share an experience with you, one of the project i worked upon involved redesign of crucial componenet
    Now, giving you a details, that our system runs on two diffent platforms, VMS and Fonix, we are continously driving an efforts
    of retiring VMS, as it is legacy.
    so this current implementation was written on VMS, and inorder my task was to port this Fonix and eventual depricate it on VMS
    The backend developent has a process, that which ever feature, that an engineer develop, it has be developed for both platform,
    this causes, lot of duplication logic, as the tech stack is different on two platforms on VMS we use com scripts and on Fonix we 
    use python or perl.
    So inorder to avoid the duplication, I proposed to write this as service instead of being a part of monolith code base.
    However, my team had a different opinion on this, my mananger was to an opinion that since, VMS will be retired soon or later,
    writing it as a service, is a bit of over engineering that problem and once the VMS is retired we can just depricate those files


8. prioritize improtant items?
A1. If i am working on multiple projects at same time, i try to rank them by priorities and then make a decision based on efforts and timeline estimates.
    There are cases, where i had a low and high priority project, but the effort estimate for low project was very less and so i finshed
    that first, got that checked out from my to-do list.
    When i am working on high proiority project, and other projects gets dropped in those cases, i focus on the main project
    and try to find out time if i can to work on other project. If i cannot commit my time to those, i request my manager about extended
    timeline or ask other teammates to look into it.
    There have been a situation where I was working on a high priority project and new feature request came in for my previouse project
    The current task was i working on backend for refactoring the logic for applying prevliges, and this was critical peice for the 
    whole enhancement, as completing this will help me drive other enhancements on frontend and on database, and at that time another
    issue occoured in one of my other application that i had worked on previous quartar, where the web app went into infinite loading, and clients
    could not access the web app
    So in that case, i tried to look into the problem, and it took me more time that i could afford to spend, so i conveyed this
    to my previous manager under whome i worked on that project and asked for help, that could you please look into this
    and provided my debugging research. Few days later when i got a chance, i tried to catchup on update and see if it still needs my help
    and it turned out that the VIP manager, had some migrations, and few apps were unresponsive on that

9. Project Delays?
A1. I have been into a situation where, my project got delayed, due to some reasons.
    I was working on project called quincy, me and my team were building a tool for emergiency mitigation, and our idea was to makd

10. Working with difficult persons?
A. i had an incident where i was wokring with a team mate on an intern project, I was co-managing the project with him and was helping
    out the intern to desing and build a web application for a project called Auto matated load testing
    me and my teammate had desinged a project plan for the intern, and came up witha timeline, where my teammate will mentor the intern
    for developing the backend and then i will takeover for the frontend
    so when the intern was working with me, he encounterd a CORS probelm, he consulted me and I guided him on how to solve it and explained
    in detail how to do it. I also shared my code snippets for the same. Now, inorder to solve the CORS problem, we needed some
    changes in the service, that passess appropriate access-allow and origin headers. So as per my guidence, the intern consulted
    backend engineer to learn about how to pass allow origin in python flaks service. however the teammate was relcutant on that idea, 
    his reason was that, this was not part of the project plan or requirements and this will be needing more efforts and time

11. Tailor you work as per other?
A. Sure I was working another engineer, i learnt how to be organized, managing expectations by providing updates timeliy
    i.e not to wait till last moment to give the update for delays,  etc

12. what have you learned recently?
A. microsoft graph api

13. Unexpected incidents?
A. I am on call for most on every alternate week, and in one such week, our system started failing
    and it was my responsibilty to manage the situation and fix it.
    I was working on my project, developing a UI change, and i got paged, my first reaction was to acknowledge the page and look through the logs to find out wheter its a
    false positive or not.
    once i gauge the impact of the problem, I stopped working on my current project, commited all my changes, and pushed those commits.
    And focued on investigating on the issue, initially it was overwhelming, as there were lot of pages, and it was complex to find the pattern, the reason was that
    at that instance I saw 2 different types of pages. so i kept on looking for the futher and found a pattern, i looked at the error message and based on my experience i contacted
    dev ops team to get any answers, did not get any, contacted the db team, they checked in logs

13. experience of influencing others?
A. 

14. Time when you had to use prsestation skills to convey the point?
A. Percentage change

16. Tell me about a time when you had to go above and beyond the call of duty in order to get a job done?
A. PANTS3, went on auth issue, which was delaying the project, and they had to fix it so that we can do our job well

17. failures experience?
A. Intern project, i think that was failure.

pradeep ka chu giri
perlodbc driver for VMS
git hub migration
stressful PBM
context switching
prsestation  skills


1. Describe a situation in which you were able to use persuasion to successfully convince someone
    to see things your way.
A: Task: 1 Template logging example of visual scalability
    solution: mockups 

2. Describe a time when you were faced with a stressful situation that demonstrated your coping
    skills.
A: Situation - server maintainance
    Task - on-call duty, jobs started failing, 3 event happend a time and it was difficult
    to identity the cause and track it down to source
    Action - stayed calm, soon i was identited a pattern, took that as lead and investigated.

3. 

1. Template logging:
challenges - merging distinegratd apps into 1 suite of applications
           - visual scalability
           - research with statistics
           - present the idea and implement it
           - lesson learnt, desingin a workflow, communications

2. PDB:
challenges - rewrite, took this project by myself, to learn databases

3. PBM:
challenges - 
S: Prebuild management problem, VMS retirement, and a new problem was discoverd in our infrastracutre, that needed
T: create an interface that is easy to use for PDs, to complete it within a month
A: meeting, no half meausres, and no back and forth, clarity

4. Give me an example of a time when you set a goal and were able to meet or achieve it. 
A: Protractor end to end tests

5.Give me a specific example of a time when you had to conform to a policy with which you did
not agree.
A: improvising the database deployment

6.Tell me about a time when you had to go above and beyond the call of duty in order to get a job
done.
A: Pants3 migration, they were trying different solutions

7. Give me an example of when you showed initiative and took the lead. 
talk about two thigs, end to end testing and github migrations

longX,longY
latX, latY

0-longX/2, 0-latX/2
longX/2-longX, latX/2-latX